docker admin: create company & settings update (#17705)
docker/docs: admin/company/settings/sso-configuration.md

> 1. Sign in to [Docker Admin](https://admin.docker.com){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}.

Reviewer: Given this is a repeat of what's on the domain management page, perhaps it'd be better to just link to that page? I'd keep the header and then something like 'Follow the instructions provided in Domain management'

2. In the left navigation, select your company in the drop-down menu.
3. Select **Domain management**.

> 4. Select **Add a domain** and continue with the on-screen instructions to add the TXT Record Value to your domain name system (DNS).

Reviewer 2: Same as [this comment](https://github.com/docker/docs/pull/17705/files#r1256288159), something to be aware of.

   ![Azure AD](../../../docker-hub/images/azure-create-connection.png){: width="500px" }

> 7. From your IdP, copy and paste the following values into the Docker **Settings** fields:

Reviewer 2: I wonder if these needs an update since in Docker Hub SSO connection is listed under **Settings**, but it isn't in Docker Admin from what I could tell:
```suggestion
7. From your IdP, copy the following values to paste into the corresponding fields in the **Create Single Sign-on Connection** menu :
```

## Optional step four: Enforce SSO

1. Sign in to [Docker Admin](https://admin.docker.com){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}.
2. In the left navigation, select your company in the drop-down menu.
3. Select **SSO & SCIM**.

> 4. In the table, select the **Action** icon and then **Enforce Single Sign-on**.

Reviewer 2: Again maybe staging has different copy, I see **Enable enforcement**
